Remove `dp` tool from dp repository (#102)
ONSdigital/dp: README.md

Dev tooling
-----------

**[dp command line tool](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp-cli)**

> A command line utility to help make working in Digital Publishing simpler. Now hosted in its own repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A command line utility to assist work in Digital Publishing. See its repository
```
"now hosted" is a short-term statement
"help make working ... simpler" is excessive
(I would also be tempted to hyphenate "command-line")
